# CS-305-Software-Security

Hello everyone,

A financial company named Artemis Financial aims to provide comprehensive financial solutions catered to the diverse requirements of their customers. In order to ensure that the financial services they provided were secured by eliminating all possible access, Armetis Financial were concerned that they might otherwise face the risk of unauthorised access where data was transferred between users securily. In addition to protecting their financial services from unauthorised access, I also conducted tests to find code vulnerabilities. If the software could be breached this would still expose the staff and clients of Artemis, which is why it was important to ensure that the code was as secure as possible. It is advisable to write secure code that by its nature eliminates the weak points a hacker might use to infiltrate; this reduces the risk of security breaches. If Artemis' software held credit card or banking details, securing the system can increase their credibility and generate trust actively by clients. This leads to the opportunity to attract more customers in the long-run by promoting a well-secured financial based software system.

 As a vulnerability assessment, the one thing that really stumped me was false positives. I generated a SSL certificate and used HTTP posts for added security. Future Mitigation For Vulnerabilities: To move to the next phase of the vulnerability assessment and ensure the vulnerabilities had been mitigated would be to make sure there was no false positives. Running the project over and over, and performing every command check reliably verifying the code and application which would mitigate any risk. After I refactored the code, I ran the project to search for any new vulnerabilities future work viewing projects in the web browser in Eclipse would prove to be a necessary tool to reinstate files.

 Another product higher on my list is my Vulnerability Assessment Report: I have located and interpreted important security information to write this. My report shows I know how to code safely, emphasising my abilities, my knowledge and the skills and experience I could show to a new employer when applying for a job in software security.
